Scraped Job Postings - 2024-01-19_14-46-46

Job Title: Lehrbeauftragte:r (w/m/d) für Kurse in Finanzen und Buchhaltung
Job Link: https://www.berlin-international.de//media/uploads/2023/05/15/2023_finance_and_accounting_mbadocx_IjK8Qhs.pdf
Description:
     Open positions in the fields of ACCOUNTING and FINANCE in the Faculty of Business Administration   EXTERNAL LECTURERS   Berlin International University of Applied Sciences (BI) is a state-recognized university with a global  outlook located in the heart of Berlin. It offers Bachelor‘s and Master‘s degree programs through its  two faculties: Design & Architecture and Business Administration. All the courses are accredited and  meet the standards of quality required by German and European regulators. BI welcomes at its  campus students from over 90 different countries. English is the language of academic instruction as  well as the corporate language of the university.   For our Bachelor in Business Administration and our Master of Business Administration, the  following positions are currently open.   EXTERNAL LECTURER (m/w/d) for the following courses:   Master of Business Administration (lecturer must have a master’s degree)   ● Financial Accounting  ● Business Analysis and Auditing   Bachelor of Business Administration   ● Finance and Investment Lecture  ● Finance and Investment Seminar   Amount of Teaching per Week: 90 minutes per course (2 teaching units à 45 min), starting in the first  week of October 2023. We are interested in hiring a lecturer for presence/on-campus based teaching  (Salzufer 6, 10587 Berlin). Teaching lasts for 14 weeks plus an examination period of two weeks.   We offer competitive remuneration.   The candidate must have at least a master’s degree if an application is sent concerning the MBA courses.   Interested?   Please send us your CV and all relevant documents you consider to the following Email:   business@berlin-international.de Prof. Dr. Erick Behar-Villegas– Dean   Please include the following text in your subject line: Application – BusAdm – Lecturer   We look forward to meeting you!   For further questions, please visit our website: www.berlin-international.de 
 
Job Title: Professor:in (w/m/d) in Data Science und Finance
Job Link: https://www.berlin-international.de//media/uploads/2023/11/22/2024_fob_professorship_dsfin-1.pdf
Description:
     Professorship in the Faculty of Business Administration (50%–100%; FoB24-Fall)   erlin International is a University of Applied Sciences with a distinct international focus. All  study programs are taught in English. The Faculty of Business Administration at Berlin  International University of Applied Sciences has created one professorial opening for the Fall of  2024/2025, i.e. as of October of 2024.    B   In the area of “Data Science and Finance”   he Faculty of Business Administration offers bachelor’s degree programs both in Business  Administration and Data Science and Business, as well as a “Master of Business Administration.”  To support our continuous growth, we are looking for a new professor with an international  background as well as substantial professional and academic experience, specifically at the  crossroads of Data Science and Finance.    T   he future professor is expected to teach topics in the broad area of Data Science (e.g.  foundations of statistics, inferential statistics, machine learning, NLP, etc.) and apply this  knowledge to the area of finance (e.g. financial markets, financial instruments, corporate  finance, valuation, etc).    T   he position includes teaching in the bachelor’s degree programs as well as in master’s degree  programs, as well as contributing to the development of the faculty’s programs. Professors are  also expected and supported to conduct (applied) research projects in order to integrate them  into their teaching activities.    T   part from doing research and teaching, we expect the successful candidate to contribute to  the development of the faculty’s degree programs and the Faculty of Business Administration in  general, as well as to carry out administrative duties at the university. The job responsibilities  further involve the active extension of networks for future co-operations.    A   inimum job requirements:    M   - Applicants must fulfill the requirements for professorships at Universities of Applied   Sciences (Fachhochschulen) in accordance with the Berlin Higher Education Act, §100.   - A PhD in finance, data science, business administration, economics, social sciences or  other related areas. The degree transcript needs to be attached to the application.   - Recent high quality research output  - At least 5 years of practical experience out of which a minimum of 3 years must have   been outside the university context.  Teaching experience.   -  - Very good English language skills (teaching language).  -   Intercultural awareness and competence preferably from earning university degrees  abroad or international work experience.   - A strong interest in contributing to the continuous growth of Berlin International   University of Applied Sciences.   dditional preferred skills (or the willingness to acquire them)    A                     - Berlin International is a young, growing university of applied sciences immersed in the  creative and international spirit of the city of Berlin. We are a small institution with an  enthusiastic team, and proud to host more than 95 different nationalities among our  students and staff.   - Our campus is located in central Berlin, close to the Technical University Berlin, the   University of the Arts (UdK) and to the large Tiergarten park.   - Berlin International’s Research Institute offers financial support for research projects.  - Berlin International is committed to diversity and equal opportunity.   lease hand in your application as one PDF document that contains a cover letter demonstrating  research and teaching interests, a CV with attachments (including attested certificates of  education) listing relevant practical experiences, research (including a list of publications,  lectures, awards, and professional memberships), and a list with teaching experiences. Any  additional documents relevant for the position are welcome.    P   he post is to be filled by October 1st, 2024. This is a part time position that can be extended to  a 100% position. Residence in Berlin is expected. Please send your complete online application  (one PDF file) including all relevant documents by March 1st, 2024; 23:59, to the following email  address: business@berlin-international.de    T   - Additional language skills, ideally and especially in German.  -  -  Experience in international projects  Experience in international projects  Expertise in handling software packages for teaching and research purposes.   ho we are and what we offer:    W   Prof. Dr. Erick Behar-Villegas, Dean  Faculty of Business Administration  Berlin International University of Applied Sciences  Salzufer 6  10557 Berlin  Germany         
 
Job Title: Lehrbeauftragte:r (w/m/d) für Deutschsprachkurse (A1.1 - B1.1)
Job Link: https://www.berlin-international.de//media/uploads/2024/01/04/2023_german-language-courses_gvp_LK8T52t.pdf
Description:
     Open positions in the fields of GERMAN LANGUAGE at Berlin University, University of Applied Sciences   EXTERNAL LECTURERS   Berlin International University of Applied Sciences (BI) is a state-recognized university with a global  outlook located in the heart of Berlin. It offers Bachelor‘s and Master‘s degree programs through its  two faculties: Design & Architecture and Business Administration. All the courses are accredited and  meet the standards of quality required by German and European regulators. BI welcomes at its  campus students from over 90 different countries. English is the language of academic instruction as  well as the corporate language of the university.   For our General Vocational Preparation Courses, the following positions are currently open.   EXTERNAL LECTURER (m/w/d) for the following courses:   ● German Language Courses (A1.1-B1.1)   Amount of Teaching per Week: 90 minutes per course (2 teaching units à 45 min), starting in the first  week of March 2024. We are interested in hiring a lecturer for presence/on-campus based teaching  (Salzufer 6, 10587 Berlin). Teaching lasts for 14 weeks plus an examination period of two weeks.   We offer competitive remuneration.   Interested?   Please send us your CV and all relevant documents you consider to the following Email:   gvp@berlin-international.de Alicia Rijlaarsdam, Academic Coordinator   Please include the following text in your subject line: Application - German Language - GVP   We look forward to meeting you!   For further questions, please visit our website: www.berlin-international.de or reach out to  gvp@berlin-international.de. 
 
